9front is supported by this repo. If you are using the old Bell Labs
distribution, use the older "plan9ants" bitbucket repository.

Overview: A full ANTS install includes a kernel (9ants for 9front) and
tools.tgz placed in 9fat.  Hubfs, grio, utility scripts, and manpages
are installed to your main filesystem.  The 9fat plan9.ini needs a few
additional variables for configuration.  The 9front /rc/bin/termrc
needs one line added to the end.

Building and installing is mostly done by the build script in the root
of the ANTS directory.  This script has multiple modes.

9front Install
--------------

build 9front # compiles everything, but does not install anything. 
build fronthost # installs the userspace components
copy the new 9ants kernel and tools.tgz to the 9fat partition
edit plan9.ini
add the following line to /rc/bin/termrc:
home=/usr/$user; cd; . $home/lib/profile

The minimal change to plan9.ini is setting "bootfile=9ants"
To change to using the main ANTS boot script, add "bootcmd=plan9rc"
To set a password for remote access on systems not using an auth server:
add "privpassword=SOMEPASSWORD"

There are many optional plan9.ini variables which affect the plan9rc
script.  Please see its documentation for a comprehensive list.

build script info
-----------------

The build script uses binds to work only within the rootless directory
and leave all existing system src unmodified.  It has the following
modes:

9front build script modes
-------------------------

build 9front - this builds a 9ants kernel and tools.tgz and copies
them to the root of the ants directory

build fronthost - builds and installs the userspace components
(hubfs, grio, contents of the scripts directory, manpages)

build 9frontinstall - installs kernel and tools to 9fat, then installs
userspace programs and prompts for a privpassword.  Requires "build
9front" be run first.  It is necessary to edit and change the new
plan9.ini as needed

build frontkernel - builds the 9ants kernel but does not create a
tools.tgz

build vultr - installs to a clean vultr install (hjfs recommended)

build vultrfossil - installs to a custom-partitioned 9front vultr install
changes system to use venti+fossil

Additional notes
----------------

set interactive= in plan9.ini to control bootup prompting. 
interactive=traditional (or unset) gives only standard boot prompts
interactive=yes gives fully interactive configurable boot
interactive=no will boot with no prompts unless info is missing

tgzfs= if you wish to load a tgz of tools other than tools.tgz, set
this to the name of the .tgz in 9fant, or set to "no" to skip loading

fatpath= if the correct 9fat partition isn't auto-detected, set this
to supply the correct pathname

full explanation of all new plan9.ini possibilities and their defaults
is found within the doc subdirectory.

9front version/ANTS version coordination (approximate, different
revisions may work as well, these were tested during the development
process)

hg up -r145 builds vs 9front 6855
hg up -r123 builds vs 9front 6384
hg up -r83 builds vs 9front release 6350
hg up -r5 builds vs 9front r6299
